(Even the wire can't hide the beauty of the pretty girl!)
(The next turn is ODD EYE CIRCLE!)
HeeJin: Such a cool performance!
HeeJin: And I'm getting excited to show these performances to fans finally!
(However LOOΠΔ / yyxy have to wait until the end of LOOΠΔ 1/3 and ODD EYE CIRCLE's performances!)
Go Won: But our stages are the finale~
Yves: The finale~
Go Won: The finale~
Yves: The heroine is always appeared in the end!
Chuu: Right! Always in the end~
Chuu: I'm worrying
Chuu: if I can sing it live while dancing this tough choreography
Go Won: Don't worry, I know you are very good at your job~
Chuu: Thanks...
(The girls cheering each other to handle the pressure!)
Go Won: She dyed her hair!
Chuu: You don't have to talk about it~